Fixed some typos in Mastering Plone 6 > 4, 11, 12 (#733)
plone/training: docs/mastering-plone/volto_overrides.md

)}
```

> As we are in the html part of our React component, we embrace the Javascript code in curly braces.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As we are in the HTML part of our React component, we surround the JavaScript code with curly braces.
```
